Setting `boolean indexing` flag to False (#884)
pydata/sparse: docs/operations.md

## Indexing

[`sparse.COO`][] and [`sparse.GCXS`][] arrays can be [indexed](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/user/basics.indexing.html)

> just like regular [`numpy.ndarray`][] objects. They support integer, slice and boolean indexing(sparse boolean index not supported yet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
just like regular [`numpy.ndarray`][] objects. They support integer, slice and boolean and array indexing (boolean and array indexing is supported only by dense NumPy arrays).
```
